Add a note about animated clock's FPS and a suggestion for sweeping second hand (#29534)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvas_api/tutorial/basic_animations/index.md

  ctx.restore();

  const sec = now.getSeconds();

>   // For a sweeping second hand, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // To display a clock with a sweeping second hand, use:
```

### Result

> > **Note:** Though the image appears to change only once every second, it is updated at 60 frames per second or at the display refresh rate of your web browser. For a sweeping second hand, use the alternative version of `const sec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Although the clock updates only once every second, the animated image is updated at 60 frames per second (or at the display refresh rate of your web browser).
> To display the clock with a sweeping second hand, replace the definition of  `const sec` above with the version that has been commented out.
```

### Result

> > **Note:** Although the clock updates only once every second, the animated image is updated at 60 frames per second (or at the display refresh rate of your web browser).

Reviewer: I personally would only have added this line - as it captures the main point that refresh rate is much higher than the change you see. However others may find it cool to try a version with a sweeping hand.

Thanks very much for contributing to MDN.

Author: @hamishwillee thank you for the merge! Yes, I personally find it very cool to see sweeping second hand. In fact, when I purchased my own wall clock for my house, I made sure it's a sweeping hand. It's also more accurate in a scientific sense as it represents the smooth flow of time which doesn't freeze between ticks. 😄 (Another reason: A sweeping clock is silent. I can't sleep with a ticking clock.)
